1.world

2.13315

3.1147

4.you

5.1721

6.love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

7.amor de la vida es el amor de la vida es el amor de la vida es el amor

8.hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey

9.little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world

10.potato head over the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world
flying high school days of the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in
wombat in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world
you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you

I keep getting "Little girl in the world".

11.little girl in my heart is my heart is my heart is my heart is my heart is my
12.Not exactly.  I do think there should be a song titled "Wombat in my heart" though.

potato
flying high school days are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are
wombat in my heart is my heart is my heart is my heart is my heart is my heart
you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you

There are still other words that loop, although they do so less early.

13.love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

14.Still the same title, so no.  We could remove "you" and "are" from the bigrams, 
presumably that would force it to find different words.  A better general solution
would likely be to introduce some form of randomization that would make it choose 
less common words, either just occasionally, or when repetition is detected.
15."potato" from earlier, also "gallant hussar".

16.The functions for text processing are useful.  Having so many libraries is nice too.

17.There are so many ways to do things that all of the online tutorials are completely 
different and often incompatible.  Learning a new language is much harder when it's 
difficult to find examples that match each other.  

18.This lab was quite enjoyable.  I liked that there was a fairly concrete objective 
which required us to learn a bunch of useful skills.  I wish there had been a bit more 
clarity in the lab description.

19. 10 - 12

20. Perl will be a likely choice for me for any major text manipulation project in my future.
Not so much for making complicated data structures though.
